fix: scheduler sample readme template (#179)
autokitteh/samples: samples/scheduler/README.md

---

> title: Scheduler Sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Scheduler sample
```

- [Crontab.guru - cron schedule expression editor](https://crontab.guru/)

## How It Works

> 1. Fetches open pull requests from the specified GitHub repository, excluding drafts and WIP (Work in Progress) PRs.
> 2. Checks each pull request against predefined thresholds for how long it has been open (`OPENED_CUTOFF`) and when it was last updated (`UPDATE_CUTOFF`).
> 3. Identifies stalled PRs that exceed these thresholds and prints their details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fetch open pull requests from the specified GitHub repository, excluding drafts and WIP (Work in Progress) PRs
2. Check each PR against predefined thresholds for how long it has been open (`OPENED_CUTOFF`) and when it was last updated (`UPDATE_CUTOFF`)
3. Identify stalled PRs that exceed these thresholds and prints their details.
```

Author: why did you keep the dot in point 3?

Reviewer: my mistake, remove it too :)
